Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: inelegant
Version: 0.3.0
Summary: Inelegant, a directory of weird helpers for tests.
Home-page: https://github.com/confeitaria/inelegant
Author: Adam Victor Brandizzi
Author-email: adam@brandizzi.com.br
License: LGPLv3
Description: 
            "Inelegant" is a set of not very elegant tools to help testing. So far
            there are nine packages:
        
            inelegant.net: the most important tools are the waiter functions.
            inelegant.net.wait_server_down() will block until a port in a host is not
            accepting connections anymore, and inelegant.net.wait_server_up() will
            block until a port in the host will be ready for receiving data. There is
            also inelegant.net.Server, that sets up a very dumb SocketServer.TCPServer
            subclass for testing.
        
            inelegant.finder: contains the inelegant.finder.TestFinder class. It is a
            unittest.TestSuite subclass that makes the task of finding test cases and
            doctests way less annoying.
        
            inelegant.module: with inelegant.module.create_module(), one can create
            fully importable Python modules. inelegant.module.installed_module() will
            create and remove the importable module. There are other related functions.
        
            inelegant.process: home of inelegant.process.Process, a nice
            multiprocessing.Process subclass that makes the process of starting,
            stopping and communicating with a function in another process easier
            enough.
        
            inelegant.fs: tools for file system operations. Most notably, context
            managers to make such operations reverted. So, now once can "cd" into a
            directory and be back to the original one, create a temporary file and have
            it automatically deleted after the context, and the same with temporary
            directories.
        
            inelegant.dict: it provides the temp_key() context manager. It adds a key
            to a dictionary and, once its context is done, removes the key.
        
            inelegant.toggle: it provides the Toggle class. It is used to create
            flags to enable global behaviors. A toggle is, indeed, something you would
            rather avoid but may need.
        
            inelegant.io: tools to process standard input/output/error. Right now it
            has four context managers: redirect_stdout() and redirect_stderr(), that
            redirect the standard output and the standard error, respectively, to a
            file, and suppress_stdout() and suppress_stderr(), that only discard
            content written to these files.
        
            inelegant.object: currently, it has a context manager/decorator to
            set and restore attributes.
        
            For more info, check the project page.
            
Keywords: test,testing
Platform: UNKNOWN
